---
title: So, what?
tags: [moglenstar, project]
archived: true
archive: moglenstar.net
---

monday night.. i went to bed at 1:30 am and awoke at around 7:25am ..

.. *curses* :\| damned low blood sugar.

i'm hella tired..

yesterday, aside from college, i was sat here.. well not here, more to my left on the other pc.. and i was tryin gout some new code for the mogblog..(trying to get his head around redesigning a b2 blog) - the result of which is so far successful.. but i'm debating wether or not i need links to previous log archives.. one never knows.

so, i was sat there coding, well.. i say "coding" i had a couple of instances of notepad open.. and i was porting my design over to the b2 php code.. and as i'm there, typing one handed, leaning on my other (you know how you perch your head on your hand or whatever) and i kept dozing off.. .. i've never been that tired, well not for a while.. it was literally torture to stay awake. :\|

so anyways, that was what most of yesterday evening was like.. until i decided that only 4GB of space in the pc i was using (P2 233 180mb ram) wasn't enough, so i put another one of my hard drives in there.. and i thought all was well.. booted up, went to format the harddrive with windows' own formatting tool.. and it wouldnt let me... so i decided to try deleting the partitions and creating some fresh ones, using Partition Magic 8 - to no avail.

so, i restarted.. and my intention was to grab an old bootdisk and try FDISK on the harddrive... well, i thought i'd pop into the bios first.. just to double check that i had the IDE settings set to "auto detect" .. for convenience.. and they weren't.. i haev no idea why, but they weren't.

i fixed that, and thought that perhaps now that it was set properly in the bios.. i might be able to format in windows.. so i let the pc boot.. and i get an "ntldr not found" message...

.. i decided to leave it there.. it was 12am.. and i was hella tired, so i went to bed.

aah.. this morning... nothing beats being woken up by the ringing of a phone... aaah this morning.. nothing beats realising you've slept in an hour too late, and have missed your only lesson of the day.

:\| i suppose that means more time to fix these pc's eh

as we speak, i managed to fdisk that harddrive... and am reinstalling windows on that p2 .. but, installing it to the harddrive i fitted.. as i have no intention of formatting the 4GB.. it contains all of my website and documents ...

.. god, i miss the 40GB.. its only a metre away from me, and the poor sucker is useless... until i get a heatsink on that AMD2200+ - dads gonna see if he can get hold of one for me today.. so hopefully, i will have it up and going tonight :D

okey, wow. long entry - hand cramp iminent.
